WHAT DOES IT guys and what KMAX So in this video we're going to be building a blog.
OK I'm going to show you how can you build a blog.
So let's get started.
So first of all we need to create a subdomain name.
You have to log into your SEE panel.
I'm going to enter my password and it will take me to my portal basically.
OK.
I want to log in to my portal and then again see how this is going to look.
There you go.
We are in the portal right now and I want to just click here and I want to hit launch see battle.
So we basically want to create a subdomain name that will be s to now complete course shot.
OK.
And for that we need to install Word Press in it.
So I'll just do that just right now.
Okay.
And then you'll see how this is going to work work.
I'm going to go to the subdomains right here.
OK.
I don't want to create a new subdomain name that will be asked to dot complete tilde Lupi course dot
com and my subject this is going to be sub and this core domains.
OK.
And then slash and then s to complete the Lupi course dot com call what I want to do right now I want
will just come here and I want to create.
So it's going to create this right now.
And now what we want to do we want to install WordPress in it.
So what we have to do we have to install the latest version.
So the latest version has been released.
OK what I want to do I want to go to the download section.
He can see that every video that I have created right now is here.
I want to go to the compress one.
I want to get this.
And I also want to go to the press right here.
So I just want to shift and delete and I want to install I want to download the newer version so I'm
going to go to war.
And then I want to download that version.
Let's come here and let's get like download.
Let's click this and it's going to be downloaded.
So it says Add to that duplicate file with the Neumark finally.
OK.
Have a go.
I want to come here and I want to start download too.
It's just downloading this.
We have to wait for this till this is download.
And I want to go to the files right here and I want to go to the file manager and I want to upload that
file.
OK.
So don't install this with the installer OK.
Always try to make sure that you install it there so that you don't have to create multiple databases.
OK.
And multiple databases slowdown your hosting so make sure that you run only one database and then everything
is managed under that database.
I want to go to the subdomain for a here and here is a subdomain name that will be tooled up this dot
com I want to hold it open folder.
OK.
And there we go.
I want to just extract it.
It's an extract here.
You can sell to it extract
extract to this.
OK.
So it is extracting right now after this is extracted I'm going to show you how this is going to look.
So here should be avoid stressful point 9.1.
I will open this up and I want to select it all.
I don't want a head at 2 or a cave and I want to select that.
So you basically need a venue for that.
If you don't have it already you can go to when you are dot.com and you can just download our software.
So this is used for just zipping and unzipping.
OK.
Now this should be done.
I want to go to this right here and I want to hit upload sowars upload
Oh my God I cannot see it.
This is here it is.
OK.
I want to hit select file and I want to go to the downloads right here.
I want to go to the compress right here and here should be we press we press and press it.
So this is being uploaded when this is uploaded.
I'll show you how we can extract it.
So you guys already know it.
So make sure that you try installing it with this method.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit extract right here.
Track files OK and I want to get close.
So this should be right here.
We have to refresh this first reload.
There we go.
I want to come here and I want to hit delete.
Skip trash and permanently delete confirmed so you can see this is done right here.
I want to go to this my desk to the desk to drop complete double chorus.
So if this doesn't open up we have to wait for some day to access it because when we create a subdomain
names it approximately takes 30 minutes one hour or it sometimes is done instantly.
So we have to see if this is up and running.
OK.
We have to wait for some time.
This is going to 404 page not found right now but we have to wait for something like 10 minutes or something
like that.
And when it will be done I'll show you how this is going to look.
But first let's go to the myy sequel database and we need to integrate these that way.
So I'm just going to hit I'm just going to install this on this database.
You can see that we have the see the course.
We also have the user name.
And so when this is done I'll be back.
OK.
So I'll just try.
Try try a trade and when it is done I'll show you how this is going to work.
OK.
So I'm just pausing my radio right now and I'll install WordPress.
I'll be back.
OK Sergei's name you can see that it is done.
I haven't just said select English United States.
I want to continue and I have to just say let's go.
So I want to add that database name I have to come here and I have to just copy this database name and
I want to come here to config.
I want to come here and I want to paste it.
OK.
Seen like this.
I want to come here to use a name and I want to come here.
I want to copy this one and paste it from here.
OK.
Now I want to copy my password.
And then I have to add the database host.
And then this will be W.P..
S to.
OK.
And now I'm just buzzing over to you.
Oh enter my password and then I'll hit submit.
OK.
So guys it is all right sparky.
You've made to the part of installation I'm going to hit her on the installation and you can see that
our website is totally done so we don't need the stuff straight here.
I want to go I'm here to say titles musée title is going to be a best blog.
OK.
And my user name is going to be this my password should be
and my e-mail address should be here.
Let's say it in software press and there we go.
We are right here.
I want to get log in.
And now here I have to log on to my Web site too.
I'm going to enter my username and then I'll have to enter the password
and there we go.
You can see I am here in the installation up.
So here if you have to do we just have to move that option team because the lobby team is awesome.
OK.
But since we will now be focusing on building a block based but say OK I want to first base to be the
full blog.
OK we will be editing that completely.
I will also show you that how can you make.
How can you get the pill and make amazing things with that pro version.
OK so let's go to the appearance and the allies for the teams and we basically want to go with that
team.
I'm going to hit add Neal and I want to search here.
And this is going to be ocean Blippy.
There we go.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit and saw you can see it's being installed and I want to activate
right now.
So after clicking the activate the team should be activated.
I'm going to begin installing plug ins and we want to install this right now.
I'm going to hit install I mean hit apply.
And it should be installed right now.
OK.
I want to go to the dashboard and let's go to the plug ins right here.
And you can see these plug ins are also activated.
So there we go.
What we want right now we want to go to the discussion Tabaret Here are the reading to and we want to
create these home pages so we will create them later on but first let's come to the permalink tray here
and let's look at the polls.
Let's save changes and there we go here Don.
And we also want to focus.
These these are these things that say plug ins and sorry the appearance and the mania.
So we want to work on the menus right here.
OK and this is going to be
from one I mean it create menu anima and these links later on.
So let's create pages and let's assign that to Mineo and then we'll get a break.
So I'm going to go to the all pages right here.
And I want to just add Neal
and there we go.
What I have to do right now is that I need a home page.
So for this I want to hand it home page right here and I won't hit publish.
I need another page as well.
And that is going to be all posts all POSSO it's going to have all the posts that we have on our blog.
OK.
We also want about about page that will be about this blog.
OK I'm going to hit publish right here.
And you can see this is also that this is taking you to elementary and on the way when I clicked OK
I want to go to all pages right here.
And see if our About page is done.
OK.
I need to publish this.
I want to go to the Editor section right here and I want to hit publish.
So this is also done.
We have our home about you and the stuff right here.
I also want one more and that will be the contact page so contact.
So we basically want to create a blog.
We basically want to create a blog.
OK let's publish and we can see that we are done.
So let's go to the settings right here.
Let's go to the reading OK and let's select the static page and let's look at the home page to be a
home and supposed to be post.
OK I want to get safe and there we go.
We're totally done right here.
If I just go to visit you can see this is looking like this.
OK.
And if I just go to the blog page to all the ash post all bash POS.
Yes.
So this is how my blog page is looking
OK.
You can see this is how it is looking.
So now we are totally done with this.
We're going to first add some posts to our website.
OK.
I'm going to show you how can you add boast.
And then after adding the post we have to work on our home page will designer home page and build designer
every page and we'll make this website look amazing.
So thanks a lot guys and goodbye.